# Feeld InfoSec Recruitment

Thanks again for your interest in the security position at Feeld. We
like what we've seen from you so far, and the next step is for you to
show off your skills and knowledge with a practical task.

## Task

As a security engineer, you're doubtless familiar with CTFs - challenges
requiring you to use your investigative and technical skills to exploit,
decrypt, and backdoor your way through various stages of increasing
difficulty.

We want you to build one. Show off the various vulnerabilities and
weaknesses you know by inviting a user to find and exploit them, to
obtain a password or token required to progress to the next stage.

Automation of progression is optional; while there should be some
details after completing each level of how to start the next level, you
don't need to implement glue to automatically move the user up a level.
One simple approach for this is to have a user per level (excluding any
web-based levels), with the password for the user being provided upon
completion of the previous level.

Once you've implemented the CTF, provide a walkthrough on how to
complete it. Make this very detailed - we want to understand the thought
process of exploiting/cracking/whatever required to complete each level.

## FAQ

### How many levels should the CTF have?

A minimum of ten. Try to build in some variety - don't stick to a single
theme for all of them.

### How should I deliver my work?

Fork this repository and commit your work to it. Once you're finished,
submit a pull request.

Where possible, commit and push early and often - we'd like to follow
your progress, though you won't be penalised on your commit/push
patterns. Don't submit the pull request until you're ready for us to
review your work.

### How long do I have to complete the task?

While the task is intended to take a few days to complete, there is no
hard deadline. As long as the time taken is reasonable, you won't face
any negative consequences from how long you take to complete it. We'll
be in touch to check in well before things become unreasonable, so take
your time, and fit it around your other commitments.

### Where should I implement it?

This is entirely up to you. We'd generally suggest spinning up a small
VM on a cloud provider and implementing it there - that gives you the
most control over it. Linode or DigitalOcean are great choices, though
it's entirely up to you.

If the cost of running the requisite
infrastructure for the duration of the task is an issue, let us know and
we can provide an instance for you.

### What if I have other questions?

Get in touch. You won't be penalised for asking questions on how we'd
like the task completed.
